Update fetch asset guide to new LSP725.js (#257)
lukso-network/docs: docs/guides/fetch-data/read-asset-data.md

const Web3 = require("web3");
const { ERC725 } = require("@erc725/erc725.js");
require("isomorphic-fetch");

// Static variables
const SAMPLE_PROFILE_ADDRESS = "0x0C03fBa782b07bCf810DEb3b7f0595024A444F4e";
const RPC_ENDPOINT = "https://rpc.l14.lukso.network";
const IPFS_GATEWAY = "https://cloudflare-ipfs.com/ipfs/";

// Parameters for the ERC725 instance
const erc725schema = require("@erc725/erc725.js/schemas/LSP3UniversalProfileMetadata.json");
const provider = new Web3.providers.HttpProvider(RPC_ENDPOINT);
const config = { ipfsGateway: IPFS_GATEWAY };

 /*
 * Fetch the LSP1 data of the Universal Profile
 * to get its Universal Receiver
 *
 * @param address of the Universal Profile
 * @return address of Universal Receiver or custom error
 */
async function fetchUniversalReceiver(address) {
  try {
    const profile = new ERC725(erc725schema, address, provider, config);
    return await (
      await profile.fetchData("LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate")
    ).value;
  } catch (error) {
    return console.log("This is not an ERC725 Contract");
  }
}

// Debug
fetchUniversalReceiver(SAMPLE_PROFILE_ADDRESS).then((receiverAddress) =>
  console.log(receiverAddress)
);
```

> After we got the Universal Receiver address, we can now receive an array of assets from it by calling the `getAllRawValues()` function.

Reviewer: _Suggested changes:_

```suggestion
Using the Universal Receiver address, we can now call the `getAllRawValues()` function on this contract to retrieve an array of received assets.
```

const web3 = new Web3("https://rpc.l14.lukso.network");

/*
 * Get all received assets from the 
 * Universal Receiver of the 
 * Universal Profile.
 * 
 * @param address of the Universal Receiver
 * @return address[] of the received assets
 */
async function fetchReceivedAssets(receiverAddress) {
  const universalReceiver = new web3.eth.Contract(
    LSP1MinimalABI,
    receiverAddress
  );

  let rawValues = [];

  try {

    // Fetch all raw values
    rawValues = await universalReceiver.methods.getAllRawValues().call();
  } catch (error) {
    return console.log("Data from universal receiver could not be loaded");
  }

  const receivedAssets = [];

  // Retrieve addresses
  for (let i = 0; i < rawValues.length; i++) {
    receivedAssets[i] = web3.utils.toChecksumAddress(rawValues[i].substr(26));
  }
  return receivedAssets;
}

// Debug
fetchUniversalReceiver(SAMPLE_PROFILE_ADDRESS).then((receiverAddress) => {
  fetchReceivedAssets(receiverAddress).then((receivedAssets) =>
    console.log(receivedAssets)
  );
});
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Step 2 - Get all assets ever issued

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="Current Standard" label="Current Standard">

> The same way, we fetched received assets, we can fetch all ever received assets with the `fetchData('LSP12IssuedAssets[]')` function from the [erc725.js](../../tools/erc725js/getting-started/) library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same way, we fetched received assets, we can fetch all ever issued assets with the `fetchData('LSP12IssuedAssets[]')` function from the [erc725.js](../../tools/erc725js/getting-started/) library.
```

```javascript title="read_assets.js"

// ...

/*
 * Fetch the ever issued assets from 
 * the Universal Profile
 *
 * @param address of the Universal Profile
 * @return address[] of the issued assets or custom error
 */
async function fetchIssuedAssets(address) {
  try {
    const profile = new ERC725(erc725schema, address, provider, config);

>     return await (

Reviewer: same as above

}

// Debug
fetchOwnedAssets(SAMPLE_PROFILE_ADDRESS).then((ownedAssets) =>
  console.log(ownedAssets)
);
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

## Step 4 - Check the type of an asset

Now that we have retrieved all the owned assets, we need to check which interface is behind these smart contract addresses, to get their data.

UniversalProfile contracts on the [profile explorer](https://universalprofile.cloud/) on the LUKSO L14 test network have been deployed using different `ERC725Y` interfaces. We have to know which interface to use, to assure the right interaction and bypass errors.

<Tabs>
  
  <TabItem value="Current Standards" label="Current Standards">

:::info

By using [function overloading], the `ERC725Y` interface function `getData(...)` can accept:

> - either one key: `getData(key)` to fetch a single value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- either one data key: `getData(key)` to fetch a single value.
```

> - or an array of keys: `getData(keys[])` to fetch multiple values at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- or an array of data keys: `getData(keys[])` to fetch multiple values at once.
```

:::

```javascript title="read_assets.js"

// ...

const SAMPLE_ASSET_ADDRESS = "0xfE85568Fea15A7ED3c56F7ca6544F2b96Aeb1774";
const LSP4 = require("@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/LSP4DigitalAssetMetadata.json");
const {
  ERC725Y_INTERFACE_IDS,
} = require("@erc725/erc725.js/build/main/src/lib/constants");

/*
 * Check the ERC725Y interface of an asset
 *
 * @param assetAddress of the smart contract
 * @return boolean isERC725Y
 */
async function checkErc725YInterfaceId(assetAddress) {
  // Create an instance of the asset
  const asset = new web3.eth.Contract(LSP4.abi, assetAddress);

  let isERC725Y = false;

  // Check if the contract has a key-value store
  try {
    isERC725Y = await asset.methods
      .supportsInterface(ERC725Y_INTERFACE_IDS["3.0"])
      .call();
  } catch (error) {
    console.log("Address could not be checked for ERC725Y interface");
  }
  return isERC725Y;
}

// Debug
checkErc725YInterfaceId(SAMPLE_ASSET_ADDRESS).then((isERC725Y) =>
  console.log(isERC725Y)
);
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="Legacy Standards" label="Legacy Standards">

:::info

> While using the **legacy** `ERC725Y` interface, `getData(...)` only takes one single key: `getData(key)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While using the **legacy** `ERC725Y` interface, `getData(...)` only takes one single data key: `getData(key)`.
```

</details>

```javascript title="read_assets.js"

// ...

const SAMPLE_ASSET_ADDRESS = "0xc444009d38d3046bb0cF81Fa2Cd295ce46A67C78";
const LSP4MinimalABI = require("./lsp4_legacy_minimal_abi.json");

/*
 * Check the ERC725Y interface of an asset
 *
 * @param assetAddress of the smart contract
 * @return boolean isERC725YLegacy
 */

async function checkErc725YInterfaceId(address) {
  // Create an instance of the asset
  const asset = new web3.eth.Contract(LSP4MinimalABI, address);

  const erc725YLegacyInterfaceId = "0x2bd57b73";
  let isERC725YLegacy = false;

  // Check if the contract is a legacy key-value store interface
  try {
    isERC725YLegacy = await asset.methods
      .supportsInterface(erc725YLegacyInterfaceId)
      .call();
    return isERC725YLegacy;
  } catch (error) {
    console.log("Address could not be checked for ERC725YLegacy interface");
  }
  return isERC725YLegacy;
}

// Debug
checkErc725YInterfaceId(SAMPLE_ASSET_ADDRESS).then((isLegacy) =>
  console.log(isLegacy)
);
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Step 5 - Receive the encoded asset data

> Now we can safely call the data of the address. The [LSP4](../../standards/nft-2.0/LSP4-Digital-Asset-Metadata) data is saved in a ERC725Y key-value store, and we need to input the right key to fetch the associated value. There are multiple [LSP4 keys](../../standards/nft-2.0/LSP4-Digital-Asset-Metadata) for different properties. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we can safely retrieve the metadata for the asset address. The [LSP4](../../standards/nft-2.0/LSP4-Digital-Asset-Metadata) metadata is saved under the ERC725Y key-value store of the digital asset. We need to input the correct data key to fetch the associated value. There are multiple [LSP4 keys](../../standards/nft-2.0/LSP4-Digital-Asset-Metadata) for different properties.
```

- `LSP4TokenName`
- `LSP4TokenSymbol`
- `LSP4Metadata`
- `LSP4Creators[]`

> To give a showcase, we will use the `LSP4Metadata` key to receive the associated data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we will use the `LSP4Metadata` key to read the asset metadata.
```

<Tabs>

  <TabItem value="Current Standards" label="Current Standards">

```javascript title="read_assets.js"

// ...

// ABIs
const LSP4schema = require('@erc725/erc725.js/schemas/LSP4DigitalAsset.json');

> // Keys for asset properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Data keys for asset properties
```

const TokenNameKey = LSP4schema[1].key;
const TokenSymbolKey = LSP4schema[2].key;
const MetaDataKey = LSP4schema[3].key;
const CreatorsKey = LSP4schema[4].key;

/*
 * Get the dataset of an asset
 *

>  * @param key of the property to fetch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * @param data key of the property to fetch
```

</details>

```javascript title="read_assets.js"

// ...

// ABIs
const ERC725MinimalABI = require("./erc725_legacy_minimal_abi.json");
const LSP4schema = require("@erc725/erc725.js/schemas/LSP4DigitalAsset.json");

> // Keys for asset properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Data keys for asset properties
```

const TokenNameKey = LSP4schema[1].key;
const TokenSymbolKey = LSP4schema[2].key;
const MetaDataKey = LSP4schema[3].key;
const CreatorsKey = LSP4schema[4].key;

/*
 * Get the dataset of an asset
 *

>  * @param key of the property to fetch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * @param Data key of the property to fetch
```

 * @return string of the encoded data
 */
async function getAssetData(key, address) {
  
  try {

      // Instanciate asset
      const digitalAsset = new web3.eth.Contract(
        ERC725MinimalABI,
        address
      );

      // Fetch the encoded data
      return await digitalAsset.methods.getData(key).call();
  } catch (error) {
    return console.log("Data of assets address could not be loaded");
  }
}

// Debug
getAssetData(MetaDataKey, SAMPLE_ASSET_ADDRESS).then((encodedData) =>
  console.log(encodedData)
);
```

  </TabItem>

</Tabs>

## Step 6 - Decode the asset data

We can now decode the encoded metadata to fetch readable information. We use

> the `decodeData()` function from the [`erc725.js`](../../tools/erc725js/getting-started/) library. We will continue the step before and showcase decoding the `LSP4Metadata` key.

Author: changed to this link (but changed `//` --> `/`)

```javascript title="read_assets.js"

// ...

/*
 * Decode the value from ERC725Y storage

>  * based on its key and phrase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * based on its data key and phrase
```
